hey I wanted to show you the soup that I
really really enjoy making and it's very
simple and versatile and you can have
whatever vegetables you like it's
actually even better when you make it
they had so that all the flavors of the
vegetables can kind of mix into the
broth of the soup especially the kabocha
which has kind of a you know adds a
little bit of a sweet flavor and mel's
it out so it's going to be a vegetable
miso soup with kubota in it so let me
show you these ingredients so here are
all my ingredients and let me show you
kind of the order in which I put them in
so I'm going to start off and I'll show
you later I'm going to start by adding
the onions and the garlic and I don't
even chop up the garlic or anything I
just put it in whole and then just pull
it out pull them up when I find them as
I'm eating the soup but they're super
super mild anyways by that point so um
so add those and then I add the kind of
harder longer cooking vegetables like
the eggplant and the carrot and the red
pepper so they can get nice and soft as
well as this is Korean radish but if you
can't find Korean radish you can just
use daikon it will be just fine and then
this capoccia i'm going to use half of
it and then leave just save half of it
in the fridge for just roasting it in
slices just to eat plain because I don't
want to enormous amount of soup for
today and then towards the end I'll add
the mushrooms these are little kind of
like enoki mushrooms but they're a
little bit a little bit bigger and they
don't get there not a enoki mushrooms
community stringy and spinach and some
kale because you can never have enough
greens and actually on the kale I'm
going to just rip the leaves off and
then put the stems in kind of early on
together with the carrots and the
eggplants and stuff so that those can
second as you use those as well
and here's the me so that I use so I
don't even have any English on I got
this at ranch 99 an asian chinese
supermarket chain around here and so
this just has you're going to check your
ingredients on your me so because some
of them have like fish stuff in it if
they're trying to make it extra tasty so
this just have what are soy bean rice
and salt so even if you were like
avoiding gluten or whatever this won't
be fine I think it's just a yellow
yellow miso any kind of yellow nice it
would be fine for other me so if you you
know want a little bit different flavors
and so that's what I got let me get
chopping and then I'll show you what
that looks like so here are our chopped
vegetable i'm going to put in this soup
don't you just love eggplant it's like
such a pretty color I always get the
Chinese they usually call Chinese
eggplants the long purple ones I find
they have a little bit of a milder
flavor and then here see these kale
stems you can just chop them up like
this really small like this and if you
just cook them long enough they're
perfectly fine to eat and here's the the
Korean radish I peeled it and i diced it
up and my mother-in-law actually taught
me about adding that to soup any kind of
soup or a miso soup in particular she
says you know whom will she wanna means
like the the broth will be refreshing so
this is really nice kind of a mild sweet
radder so it's not going to add a whole
lot of space so I'm just going to dump
all this stuff in the soup over here
let's see so this has been boiling here
for a while and I'll just dump to sell
it
so here's the most annoying part and
that is cutting up the kabocha squash if
you can just kind of get it in half the
rest of it's not that bad but I'm not
very good at it there once you can get
kind of through half of it there it gets
you do and then I do actually try to
peel it when i use it in the suit
because i don't like the textural
contrast of the skin with the sort of
softness of the inside i like to have
just the soft part so i do there we go
so i'm just going to scoop the seeds out
and then trim off the skin we'll see how
that goes here's my squash all cut up
and the rest of the veggies have been
simmering for a little bit of learning
and I'll just going to throw in the
squash this is half of it the other half
it's fine to keep kabocha squash if you
don't want to use the whole thing at
once it's fine to keep it cut in the
fridge for a couple days and so after
this I'm just I just have my zucchini
left to add and then at some point is
gonna be the mushrooms and the spinach
together with the kale and here's a
zucchini we're going to put that in as
well I found these four little abandon
potatoes that i didn't use so i'm just
gonna throw those in as well that was
gonna help me clean the kale and the
spinach are you still up yes thank you
now this has been cooking for a while so
i'm ready to add my greens and my
mushrooms and my miso my mother-in-law
taught me also that it's better not to
add the miso too far ahead of time
let me get a god-like so I'm going to
add this there we go and then I don't
even know if I can fit all these greens
in but we'll we'll try to make it work
usually it's the pan and pot is
overflowing up to the top by the time I
add the green so let me try to see if I
can do that I actually had to move to a
bigger pot because it was too much as
for the timing of all of this I added
the onion garlic first and cook that for
about 10 minutes while I was chopping up
the other stuff then I added the
eggplant the carrot the radish I think
that was it the red pepper and adapt and
cook that for however long it took me
until i got the kubota slides up and
then I add that and then the zucchini
added straight away after that and then
I cooked it again for about 10 minutes
until I added the little tender
mushrooms and the greens so you just
kind of I always try to kind of time it
so that everything will be properly
cooked and you know kind of soft and
melty the way I like it but not you know
completely mush so I'll check in on that
the Greens will shrink down dramatically
as it cook obviously but it's definitely
going to have lots and lots of good
green stuff in this suit the Greens have
wilted down a whole bunch so it's about
ready I'm just going to actually leave
this to sit and eat it probably tomorrow
because then the the kabocha kind of
melts into the miso and it's delicious
and but you could always eat it if
you're hungry you could do to right away
so that's my favorite soup let me know
what you would add to the soup what
vegetables you would add I could always
use some ideas for mixing of the
vegetables alum kind of an
with my combinations I always add add
little things here and there as I as
things come into season or like one sale
or whatever at my produce shop see you
guys later